Update pfSense doc and add warning for apcupsd users (#8686)
netdata/netdata: packaging/installer/methods/pfsense.md

You must edit `/usr/local/etc/netdata/netdata.conf` and change `bind to = 127.0.0.1` to `bind to = 0.0.0.0`.

> To start Netdata manually, run `service netdata onestart`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start Netdata manually, run `service netdata onestart`.
```

> **Warning:** If you are using the plugin `apcupsd`, you need to make sure that apcupsd is up before starting netdata. Otherwise a infinitely running `cat` process triggerd by the default activated netdata apcuspd charts plugin will eat up CPU and RAM (`/tmp/.netdata-charts.d-*/run-*`). This also applies for `OPNsense`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning:** If you are using the `apcupsd` collector, you need to make sure that apcupsd is up before starting Netdata. Otherwise a infinitely running `cat` process triggered by the default activated apcuspd charts plugin will eat up CPU and RAM (`/tmp/.netdata-charts.d-*/run-*`). This also applies to `OPNsense`.
```
